sporty quito came to look
visitor
and it did not complicate referring to goodbye to
baseball and others
with the goal as their own very good center
but I do not follow
in valencia-distance time
You can talk to because they upset the
fat where the shirt broke on the
goal he scored the week before
at least I think that just as it does
I'm so sorry we wanted to spend
over there pending subject 'correct
in the friendly centers banners
perfect the most such can be
it can be alone
lesson
do not
in this moon museum that leaves
they want to ask
[Music]
us for the selection
Juan Carlos the reinaldo teacher and all
his teammates were
very aware of its restart here in the
in this game on Sunday happy
with his performance and happy because
you can give them a hand in the
selection in this world
but that does it working in the last
Barcelona will match the classic
land because it would practically already be
heading to italy
lagarde was saying but before that in
italy before italy this point
how about holland ecuador
but first it feels